This process started by making a decision about my topic. I wanted something that would be eye catching and I wanted to include concepts from class that I knew I had mastered and could execute in a multi page website. I chose to do a homepage with a menu to three other pages all focusing on specific things I learned throughout the year. I knew I understood how to embed videos and pictures, and really enjoyed the questionare assignment so I included that as well. I chose to go off of week 11's parallax homework because that was a subject I felt alittle unsure of but knew that it was important for a interesting well functioning page.

I drew out my page designs (which I will upload if i can ever figure out why my camera isnt connecting to my laptop.) and I chose to keep with a the topic of colors. Then i decided with a link to the color wheel and everyone having a favorite color that I would make my other pages color themed all branching off from a "rainbow" home color page. I cose red yellow and blue because they are primary colors and each specifc color got a page and concept from class. Red was picture, blue was video, and yellow was questionare questions with different forms. The main page is parallaxed for scrolling, with a link, the menu, three large images and they actually move correctly this time.

The coding for these main points I touched on was what I left the class feeling most comfortable about and after mastering guthib and how all of this worked about half way through the semester I ended up really enjoying web development. The use of images and videos and eye catching material will always be my favorite as someone who enjoys design, but the technical coding was much improved on throughout the semester and I appreciate all of your email back and forth to help me sort out my confusion. Thank you for a great semester, go griz and go celtics. ps my week-11 page went up on wednesday night and i forgot to email notify you. Thanks again!
